Add behavioural model support (#49)
jameel-institute/daedalus.api: NEWS.md

# daedalus.api 0.1.8

> This patch version introduces a choice of behavioural model under the user-facing label 'Level of behaviour change' (PR #49).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This patch version introduces a choice of behavioural model under the user-facing label 'Change in public behaviour' (PR #49).
```
